Basic SRE Coding Challenge

Thank you for accepting the coding challenge! This exercise isn’t intended as a
programming competition, but to help us understand your approach to problem
solving and communication. In general, this challenge shouldn’t take more than
three hours to complete.

Requirements
Write a command-line utility in either Ruby, Python, Java, or Go, that
retrieves demographic data for a specified set of U.S. states from a public API
and outputs that data in the requested format.

Specifically, the utility should:
● Accept as input parameters:
  ○ A comma-delimited list of state names
  ○ A single output-format parameter: “CSV” or “averages”
● For each state, query the National Broadband Map API to retrieve the census
 (FIPS) ID for each state
● For each census ID, query the National Broadband Map Demographics API to
 retrieve demographic data for each state
● If the specified output-format parameter is "CSV," output the data for each
 specified state in CSV format, sorted alphabetically by state name:
<state name>, <population>, <households>, <income below poverty>, <median income>
● If the specified output-parameter format is "averages," output a single
 integer representing the weighted average of "income below poverty" across all
 the specified input states.

Instructions
● Please use a public Github repo for your coding challenge. We prefer if you
 commit your updates incrementally rather than all at once. When you’ve
 completed the challenge, please email us a link to the repo containing your
 work.
● Your repo should contain a README with instructions for building and
 running your application.
● In your README, document the assumptions you made when completing the
 application (since this is a time-constrained exercise, we expect there will be
 quite a few)!
● Use of OOP is preferred, but not required
● Write tests at your own discretion; however, tests may be helpful in making
 sure that your application meets the requirements.

CensusByGeographyName
(https://www.broadbandmap.gov/developer/api/census-api-by-geography-name)

DemographicsByGeographyTypeAndId
(https://www.broadbandmap.gov/developer/api/demographics-api-by-geography-type-and-geography-id)
